Switch accounts/orgs dropdown (#4468)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/account-management/offboarding.md

[InfluxData Support](mailto:support@influxdata.com) to delete your organization. 
{{% /note %}}

> 1. 1. Click the account name dropdown in the upper left of your {{< cloud-name "short" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the account name drop-down list in the upper left of your {{< cloud-name "short" >}}
```
